[THEME MUSIC]
>>DAVID WILCOCK:
Welcome to Disclosure.
I'm your host, David Wilcock.
And in this episode, I'm going
to be interviewing Rich Dolan.
Now, Rich Dolan
has built a legacy.
He is actually a very
well-known author.
And he's been on television.
His books have been endorsed
by none other than the NASA
astronaut and hero Edgar
Mitchell, Dr. Edgar Mitchell.
So Rich Dolan has built
a long-term program
of getting the truth out.
And this is really the
core of disclosure.
When people hear
the word disclosure
they usually think UFOs.
So Rich Dolan,
probably more than just
about any other researcher
out there today,
has really done what
for a lot of people
would be the boring,
boring homework
of poring through
all of the evidence
that we actually do have.
What do I mean by that evidence?
I'm talking about reading the
staggeringly boring government
documents that are just
all these blackout areas.
The Freedom of Information
Act that Jimmy Carter rammed
through that we talk
about, forced the cabal
to start releasing
documents that
have very intense information.
So essentially, Rich
Dolan is a UFO historian.
And really we're
not going through
the ancient alien stuff.
He doesn't get into that.
We're primarily now talking
about the dawning of the UFO
era in the 20th century, which
is actually before Roswell--
we get into that--
and the government cover
up of the phenomenon.
So there's a lot
of really cool data
that we're going to be
getting into in this episode.
So I hope you enjoy it.
>>DAVID: Well, Rich, it's
great to have you here.
Thanks for being on my show.
>>RICHARD M. DOLAN:
Thank you, David.
>>DAVID: All right.
>>DOLAN: Glad to be here.
>>DAVID: So this is Disclosure.
We are bringing the
ball onto the court.
And I am ready to kick.
>>DOLAN: All right.
>>DAVID: So let's have
some fun with this.
Now, you have really
distinguished yourself
in several respects.
Because let me just play the
devil's advocate for a second.
Let's say I'm a skeptic,
and I've got you.
And I think that I'm going to
intimidate you, make fun of you
on camera.
You don't have any evidence.
There is no evidence.
You're a UFO freak.
Ufologist?
TV personality?
Give me a break, dude.
>>DOLAN: I know, right?
>>DAVID: Cut your hair.
Shave the beard.
Back to the old days, what
you used to look like.
>>DOLAN: What's
goin' on with Dolan?
What's happening to that guy?
>>DAVID: What has
happened to you, dude?
>>DOLAN: Well, let's
start with evidence.
You know, what is evidence?
One thing that I would
always come back to
is we have to understand
what kind of evidence
are we talking about.
So there's--
>>DAVID: But
there's no evidence!
>>DOLAN: Well, there's at least
we have documentary evidence.
And by that, I simply mean that
in the history of our nation
of the United States, we have
this thing called the Freedom
of Information Act, which
has its ups and downs over
the years, but had I guess,
I would say relatively an up
period during the late 1970s--
thank you, Jimmy Carter--
when it would be possible
to shake that tree a bit
and get some documents out.
Documents--
>>DAVID: How would
somebody do that?
>>DOLAN: Well, you
file a FOIA request.
>>DAVID: OK.
>>DOLAN: So you petition
various branches
of the government
of the military,
whether it's CIA or
Air Force Intelligence
or any other specific
departments for documents
relevant to the subject of UFOs.
And--
>>DAVID: So who's got
the gun that's pointed
at these government agencies?
Why do they care?
Why would they answer
your FOIA request?
>>DOLAN: Well, often they don't.
>>DAVID: OK.
>>DOLAN: Often, they do not.
But as I was saying, in the
'70s, Jimmy Carter issued
an executive order that
mandated federal agencies to--
I don't know the exact
wording, but fairly
to comply with FOIA
requests as long as they
weren't really going to, like,
impinge on national security.
But the--
>>DAVID: So they could
potentially get defunded
by the executive branch if
they didn't comply with these
requests, because
it's a presidential--
>>DOLAN: Well, in theory, yes.
>>DAVID: OK.
>>DOLAN: You know,
Carter had his own issues
with various branches of
the federal government.
He had his own battles
that he fought.
And there was a
lot of resistance.
But my basic point is that
we've gotten, I think,
probably about 20,000
pages worth of documents
related to UFOs over the years.
More than half of
those have come
from the Carter Administration.
So that's great
for Jimmy Carter,
not so great for everyone else.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>DOLAN: But--
>>DAVID: That was
when it started?
Or there's some from
before then, obviously?
>>DOLAN: Well, the first version
of the Freedom of Information
Act actually was from 1966.
>>DAVID: Oh.
>>DOLAN: That was during
the Johnson years.
But it really didn't
have any teeth
in terms of public policy.
So you could petition things
for your own personal records
and so forth.
During--
>>DAVID: But also, some of
these declassified documents
that leaked during the
Carter Administration
were, obviously, old by
the time they leaked.
>>DOLAN: That's right.
>>DAVID: They're
not necessarily new.
>>DOLAN: Most of them were old.
A few were new at the time--
>>DAVID: OK.
>>DOLAN: --significantly.
But, no, you're right.
But the significance
of those documents,
this is what really drew me
into the field to begin with--
>>DAVID: Yeah.
>>DOLAN: --was the existence
of a documentary record
that did not prove UFOs
were extraterrestrial.
It did not prove that they
were alien, necessarily.
But it did prove--
didn't hint, it didn't
suggest, but it proved--
that there was a phenomenon that
was occurring that the United
States military was very
concerned about that,
officially speaking,
wasn't supposed to exist.
And this phenomenon
involved objects
that were seen and
tracked sometimes
on radar that appeared
to be disk shaped,
that had performance
capabilities that were simply
not supposed to be,
incredible speeds,
incredible maneuverability.
And furthermore, these
objects-- and this is all
in the documentary record--
showed an inordinate interest
in very sensitive installations.
So we're talking Los Alamos.
We're talking Oak
Ridge Nuclear Facility.
We're talking the Hanford
Nuclear Facility in Washington
and many others, which
especially in the 1940s
and '50s, were very,
very, very sensitive.
You just didn't fly
over these places.
This is nuclear technology.
And yet, objects were.
>>DAVID: I actually
met a skeptic recently.
I didn't know they
still existed.
But--
>>DOLAN: They're out there.
>>DAVID: --some people still
don't believe this stuff.
>>DOLAN: Right.
>>DAVID: So let's
give them the benefit
of the doubt for a second.
Project Blue Book said
it's all swamp gas.
It's all flocks of
geese, and clouds,
and people having mass
hysteria and hallucinations.
>>DOLAN: Well, this is
why a good understanding
of the history is
important in understanding
Blue Book and everything else.
Let's get to Blue
Book in a second.
>>DAVID: OK.
>>DOLAN: I think the
key point that I--
>>DAVID: You're saying there
are real documents that show--
>>DOLAN: Yeah, these are
officially declassified
US government documents.
>>DAVID: --flying
saucers that are
targeting our nuclear facilities
and military installations.
>>DOLAN: Yes.
That is what I'm saying.
And furthermore, that
a number of these
were seen visually by
qualified Air Force pilots,
Navy pilots describing them.
And on a few occasions,
you get simultaneous radar
plus visual tracking.
So these things were real.
And they were treated a real.
When you read the
documents themselves,
it's obvious to anyone
with a brain in their head
that the tone of these
documents is such
that these were
considered quite serious.
My--
>>DAVID: So you
could potentially
have a guy on the ground, a guy
who's a pilot in an airplane,
and a radar operator all getting
simultaneous confirmation
of a massive object in the sky
that's doing unconventional
acrobatics.
>>DOLAN: I would say
that's about right.
There are a few cases
where you get that type
of a triangulation, let's say--
>>DAVID: OK.
>>DOLAN: --of a
really good sighting.
As a matter of fact, during 19--
I think it was--
'51, the Air Force
was engaged in a triangulation
project of very, very unusual
phenomenon over Los Alamos.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>DOLAN: And the thing is, like,
from late '40s into the '50s,
there was a phenomenon.
They call them green fireballs.
They weren't meteorological
in any way, though.
And you'd find these
low horizontal green
glowing things that were
delocalized over Los Alamos
and going into Western
Texas, all of which
there was highly technical US
military installations there.
So the question--
>>DAVID: Are these like
grapefruit size, or basketball,
or bigger?
What's the estimated size?
>>DOLAN: I would say larger,
larger, 20, 30, 40, 50
feet diameter sometimes.
>>DAVID: Wow.
OK.
>>DOLAN: And they
were highly localized.
And this caused-- this
is no argument anywhere,
we have the documentary
record of it--
a series of very, very high
level meetings among the power
scientists and military
people of that era,
including FBI, Air
Force, Intelligence.
Now, what we don't have
are all the details of it.
But we do know that this was a
real head-scratcher for them.
And as a result,
the Air Force set up
something called
Project Twinkle--
interesting name.
And what's
interesting about that
is the official conclusion
of Project Twinkle was,
nah, no real results
were obtained.
When you read the
Project Twinkle report,
though, you find it's
exactly the opposite.
And on at least
one occasion, there
was a triangulation of an
object 30 feet in diameter,
100,000 feet
altitude, 100,000 feet
altitude, moving at some
ridiculously fast speed,
in multiple thousands
of miles per hour.
And this was triangulated
by Air Force instruments
called cinetheodolites.
So they're like telescopes
with measuring instrumentation
on them to measure the altitude
and angle and so forth.
The point is that they got it.
And that's just one
example of many.
So--
>>DAVID: But wasn't there--
there was a dark night.
What did they call it?
There was a satellite
object orbiting the Earth
before we had satellites.
>>DOLAN: That seems
to be correct, yeah.
>>DAVID: OK.
>>DOLAN: That seems
to be the case.
Getting official documentary
evidence of that,
I'm not aware of
that being out there.
>>DAVID: OK.
>>DOLAN: But we can say
that a number of people
within the military were
talking about this in the '50s.
And this is before
Sputnik, so, yeah.
>>DAVID: Is the green
fireball similar in appearance
to what people were calling
foo fighters in World War II,
or is this something different?
>>DOLAN: Good question.
What we call the foo
fighters would be,
typically, they were kind
of a bright white type
of glowing thing.
The behavior would be different.
So like if you were on a
bomber mission over Europe
in the Second World
War, an object
would sometimes descend
to where you are,
follow you for a certain period
of time, and then zoom off.
And so the behavior
would be different.
>>DAVID: And they never
took any hostile action
towards our pilots?
>>DOLAN: On one or two
occasions, it may be the case.
I was looking at the research
of Dr. Joseph Farrell.
Who really looked
into this a lot.
And he made me aware at
least one instance where--
a couple of instances
where they seemed
to cause a little bit of engine
sputtering and malfunction.
So I mean, there's
nothing overtly hostile
that I think we can
really point to.
>>DAVID: Right.
>>DOLAN: But the
thing about evidence,
I think it's important
to show that.
And this was always
the key for me.
You have an overwhelming
documentary trail
showing that on a
number of occasions
you have high levels
of concern over objects
that, again, were doing
things that were not
supposed to be possible.
And at the same time,
the government's
saying nothing to it, as
Blue Book would be saying.
>>DAVID: Yeah.
>>DOLAN: We've got
it all figured out,
nothing to see here.
My favorite of the
declassified documents
doesn't deal with
sightings, per se.
But it's a memo to the
director of the CIA in 1952.
The director of
the CIA was a guy
named Walter Bedell
Smith, who kind of famous
in his own right.
The Director of Scientific
Intelligence of the CIA
sends him a memo in December
of '52 right toward the end
of the Truman Administration.
And the memo has a paragraph
where it says-- this is,
I think, a verbatim quote--
at this time, reports of unknown
objects at high altitudes
in the vicinity of sensitive
US defense installations
are of such nature
that they are not
attributable to natural
phenomena or known
types of aerial vehicles--
pretty straightforward.
And you know, I
would love to know
what would have happened
if that memo had gotten out
to the public in 1952.
>>DAVID: Well, 1952's
a very important year.
I'd like to talk about it more.
>>DOLAN: Yes, indeed.
Absolutely.
>>DAVID: I'm sure you're aware
there were all kinds of--
a cluster of sightings started
to occur around Washington DC.
>>DOLAN: It's a very big year.
>>DAVID: So why don't
you tell us about that?
>>DOLAN: Well, sure.
I mean, 1952 in the
history of the old days
of Project Blue
Book from the 1950s
and '60s, basically, was
the biggest year they had.
I think they had something
over 1,500 sightings.
And something like a third
of them were unknown.
And many of them were military.
I guess you could say that--
>>DAVID: You mean
witnesses were military?
>>DOLAN: Quite a few, yeah.
>>DAVID: Right.
>>DOLAN: A lot of civilian--
>>DAVID: So there
could a lot of people
that didn't report
things, because they
don't want to be intimidated, or
they don't want to be harassed.
But these are just
documented reports.
>>DOLAN: That's right.
That's right.
>>DAVID: 1,500.
>>DOLAN: That's right.
Not all of those were
military, but many were.
And many of them involve
violations of airspace
over installations,
so kind of a big deal.
For two weekends in a
row in July of that year,
there were significant
sightings of unknown things
over the Capitol
in Washington DC--
>>DAVID: Yeah.
>>DOLAN: --such that it made
the front page of The New York
Times.
And it actually bumped the
Democratic National Convention
off the front page.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>DOLAN: It was
a very big thing.
We know that President Truman
was getting information
about this as it was happening.
It was of interest to him.
And then, of
course, what we know
is that the Air Force held their
very large press conference
as a result of this.
And they said, basically, to
put the whole matter to sleep,
they said, well, it's true.
We don't know what
all of these are.
But we do feel with
more information,
we could identify them all.
We do not feel this is a
matter of national security.
The sightings of the past
weekends, we believe,
had to do with
weather phenomenon,
basically, screwing up the
radar and causing false visuals.
No one believed it.
None of the traffic
controllers accepted it,
but they weren't
allowed to talk.
And what we find in the
classified documentation
that we have is that no
one in the classified world
accepted that.
They all knew it was just
for public consumption.
>>DAVID: Well, but there was--
I mean, one of the
things that did happen
was you have a fleet that
goes over the US Capitol.
>>DOLAN: Well, you
might be referring
to a very famous photograph of
a large number of light objects
that seem to be
over the Capitol.
>>DAVID: Right.
>>DOLAN: That's been debated,
and debated, and debated.
>>DAVID: Right.
>>DOLAN: Is it a
photographic effect?
One argument is that those were
the photographic reflection
of the streetlights
that were below.
You could make that argument.
I don't know that that's true.
But even if it was, the point
is that there were multiple--
I wouldn't say a fleet-- but
multiple unknowns over DC
at that time.
There were attempts to
intercept them and investigate.
Some of those pilots
were able to get
visuals, fleeting visuals.
There was definitely
something there--
very enigmatic
phenomenon, for sure.
>>DAVID: And then the
Air Force actually tells
the American public a few days
after that press conference,
please stop asking
us about UFOs,
because you're
messing up our work.
>>DOLAN: Basically, yes, I
would say that's probably
about what they were doing.
In the classified
world, as a result--
this is all fascinating history.
So in the classified
world, as a result
of this huge upsurge
in sightings,
one of the things
they wanted to do is,
again, put this to sleep.
They didn't want the public
to get worked up over this.
And one of the official
arguments they gave
is, well, it will clog military
communication channels.
You know, what if the Russians
were to cause an attack,
and people are talking
about all these UFOs?
We're going to get all messed
up with our communications.
It's just a really
ridiculous argument.
The memo that I referred
to, the CIA memo,
really came in the
whole aftermath of this
as the CIA was planning,
really the last bit
of housecleaning of the
Truman Administration
was related to UFOs.
It was the last weekend of
the Truman Administration,
January of 1953.
The hold was called the
Robertson Panel, kind of famous
among the researchers.
It was a CIA organized
scientific study
of UFOs in the classified world.
What we know about it is
that the conclusions of that
were written before
they even convened.
That's interesting.
>>DAVID: That's a
very convenient.
>>DOLAN: Why bring
these guys in?
They're all Nobel caliber guys.
Obviously, there was an agenda.
And the agenda was to keep
this at a more tightly
classified level, and also
to debunk this to the public.
And that was actually one of
the official recommendations.
Work with Disney.
Work with major media to educate
and debunk the matter relating
to UFOs for the general public.
Because they did not want
people to start getting
worked up over this.
As far as they were
concerned, this
was a matter for us to worry
about, not the general public.
>>DAVID: If you want to maintain
power and somebody shows up
with better power
than you have in terms
of their hardware, in terms
of their capabilities,
in terms of their ability to
deceive and to have remained
concealed for this long,
there would be, obviously,
some public concern.
>>DOLAN: Well, absolutely.
Absolutely.
>>DAVID: So I think now--
>>DOLAN: You know, for sure.
>>DAVID: --because we've had
this acclimation program going
on for the public, people
get angry at the government
and say, these
sons of-- you know.
But if they had
told the public, it
would have been
messy at the time.
>>DOLAN: Oh, they have
my total sympathy here.
I mean, think about
what Harry Truman
had to be thinking about.
Let's say Roswell happened.
I think it did.
>>DAVID: Yeah.
>>DOLAN: I think there
was the retrieval and not
simply Roswell, but
let's just focus on that.
So you have the retrieval
of highly exotic technology
that was not manufactured
by human hands that
comes from elsewhere.
And you have, almost certainly,
bodies and, very possibly,
one live creature.
>>DAVID: Yeah.
>>DOLAN: I think there's a
good reason to believe this.
So let's just say that happened.
So you're Truman.
And this has now been
put onto your lab.
And it's 1947.
And you've got this whole
crazy world to deal with.
We've just ended World War II.
You've got millions
of homeless people,
millions on the brink of
starvation, a new Cold War
erupting, spies trying to
get your nuclear secrets out.
And now, you've got this.
And, you know, how
do you tell the world
that this is the case
when you yourself
don't know what you're dealing
with, all of these unknowns?
So I think what one would do,
which is I think what happened,
you would get your
top people around you.
And you would say, we have to
figure out a game plan here,
guys.
And your job will be to have
the technology analyzed.
And your job will be
to manage the media,
so they don't get too
worked up over this.
And your job will be to find out
how bad public panic might be,
and all of the logical things.
And I think that's
what they did.
>>DAVID: Let's rewind the
tape even before Roswell
to the Battle of Los Angeles.
>>DOLAN: Oh, indeed.
>>DAVID: Let's talk about that.
>>DOLAN: Well, it's fascinating.
>>DAVID: OK.
So what happened there?
>>DOLAN: So now, the
whole US West Coast
is in a state of high alarm.
I mean, we're at war with Japan.
>>DAVID: And it,
basically, just started.
So there could be an invasion
coming in from Japan.
>>DOLAN: That's right.
>>DAVID: Everybody's
freaking out.
It's worse than
9/11 for the time.
>>DOLAN: February 1942 is when
this happened, late February.
>>DAVID: You've got this
world villain, Hitler, who's
just become totally terrifying.
>>DOLAN: Oh, yeah.
>>DAVID: He invaded
Poland in 1939.
It's been two years
of fear and buildup
as we're just watching
him eat Europe alive.
>>DOLAN: Exactly.
>>DAVID: Finally, the
Americans get thrown in.
They didn't want
to be in this war.
Now, they have to, because
they could get rammed right up
the backside by Japan.
>>DOLAN: Right, exactly.
So what happened in Los Angeles
on the night of February 25,
1942--
this is all brand
new stuff here.
You have small batteries
of military sort
of doing coastal defense.
>>DAVID: Right.
>>DOLAN: There were Japanese
vessels not right on the coast,
but, you know, a couple
of hundred miles off.
And there were
engagements there.
From time to time, they
would get a little closer.
So there was a concern that the
Japanese would do something.
I mean, in terms
of the invasion,
it was really never
going to happen.
But there was this
heightened concern for sure.
>> Anti-aircraft guns went into
action against unidentified
aircraft in the Los Angeles area
shortly after 3:00 AM Pacific
War Time this morning.
The anti-aircraft
guns began barking
during a blackout ordered by
the fourth intercepted command
at 2:25 AM.
The unidentified object,
which some sources thought
might be a blimp, moved
slowly down the Pacific Coast
from Santa Monica.
>>DOLAN: Alarms went off.
You have an object
that was seen visually
by quite a lot of people.
And you had 1,430
rounds of artillery
that were fired that night
at this object, which
was photographed
rather well, which
resulted in the deaths of
six residents of Los Angeles,
by the way--
>>DAVID: Yeah.
>>DOLAN: --three from the
shelling and three others
attributed to heart
attacks from that.
So this is a serious matter.
>>DAVID: I had a
lady at my conference
who went through this.
And she said the
noise was so extreme.
>>DOLAN: Exactly.
>>DAVID: The kids woke up
in the middle of the night.
You couldn't possibly
have slept through this.
>>DOLAN: No, no, exactly.
An old deceased friend
of mine was a child
who witnessed it as well.
He was a great guy.
Yeah.
I mean, it was just deafening.
It was, I mean, exciting.
It was frightening.
>>DAVID: And it
wasn't like anything
is having an effect
on this object.
>>DOLAN: Well, you had military
people watching this thing
through binoculars and seeing
shells go off all around it.
And it didn't come down.
Now, again, there's
always skeptical arguments
on the so-called
Battle of Los Angeles.
I've reviewed them personally.
And I'm just not
persuaded by them, one
being that it was
jittery war nerves.
And someone, they did light
a balloon, lighted balloons.
And this was necessary to gauge
the direction of the wind,
so that you could then, you
know, calibrate your artillery
and so forth.
And someone suggested,
well, maybe they saw that.
But that's not it,
for a whole bunch
of reasons in terms of the
time that it was aloft.
And that doesn't account for the
radar tracking of the object.
And it also doesn't
account for the visuals
that people were getting.
The great photograph
that we have of this
is really a decent quality one.
And, you know, I don't
know how obstinate one
has to be to say that that does
not look like a flying saucer.
You've got these
bright lights focused
on an object, which has been
picked apart and analyzed.
And it shows what looks to
me like a disk-shaped type
of object.
>>DAVID: Yeah.
>>DOLAN: And you see artillery
shells going off all around it.
>>DAVID: That's right.
>>DOLAN: But this
thing never came down.
So, yeah, I think it's
a fascinating thing.
And in the aftermath of that,
the US Secretary of the Navy,
a guy named Frank Knox,
goes and makes a statement
and says, eh, nah, it
was all just war nerves,
and basically trying to
attribute it to hysteria.
No one bought it.
>>DAVID: A few people actually
died of heart attacks,
because it was so terrifying
to hear the sound.
>>DOLAN: Correct, yeah.
That's right, a few.
>>DAVID: And I've also heard
that Hollywood producers, movie
producers, got a really
good visual of it
and that the craft you
see in "War of the Worlds"
is that craft.
It's just they stuck a
little periscope on top.
>>DOLAN: Oh, that's
an interesting element
that I had not heard.
>>DAVID: Yeah.
>>DOLAN: So that's interesting.
That's very interesting.
>>DAVID: So this scared people.
This was terrifying.
>>DOLAN: Oh, yeah.
>>DAVID: And the
woman who I spoke to--
you know, it was
a massive shock.
>>DOLAN: Well, I think what we
can say as a result of this,
at the very least, is that
the US military learned
to clamp down on UFOs
a good five years
or more before Roswell.
>>DAVID: Right.
>>DOLAN: So it's
not that they had
necessarily all the answers.
But this was not something that
they were going to talk about.
Because, again, how do you
talk about this to the world?
Again, back to Harry
Truman's poor situation.
He's confronted with
this reality, presumably.
And, you know, I could
see him thinking,
it would be nice
to tell the world.
But this is way too
disruptive for now.
So maybe what we can
do is understand it.
And we can reconvene and decide
in a few years down the road
if we want to reveal the secret.
The problem with the
secrecy is that it develops
its own momentum, its own
power, its own bureaucracy,
its own profitability,
so that the incentive
for revealing this
secret eventually just
goes down to nil.
>>DAVID: Well, now you have
expressed a personal belief
that Roswell really happened.
And, again, for somebody who
hasn't been familiar with this,
this is actual
hardware being dropped
into the hands of the
United States military,
hardware that is
far more advanced
than the currently available
technology of the time.
>>DOLAN: Exactly.
>>DAVID: So based on
your exhaustive records
and all the documentation,
because you've
been willing to pore through
all these Freedom of Information
requests and all
these documents,
do you think there
is probable cause
to believe that our government
or the military industrial
complex inherited
technology that maybe still
isn't being given to us,
even though it's been, what,
70 years later?
>>DOLAN: Oh, I do
believe that, yes.
>>DAVID: OK.
>>DOLAN: I think
that let's say you've
got this magical piece
of the future right
here in your hands, and you
don't yet understand it.
It's very possible
that they still
can't really replicate
some of the things
that they've acquired.
But it doesn't mean that
these pieces of technology
can't give them very good ideas.
Now some of these ideas
can be moneymakers,
maybe integrated circuits or
improved maybe fiber optics
has been theorized--
>>DAVID: Right.
>>DOLAN: --and
high-tensile fibers,
a number of other
things, lasers maybe.
And those are great ground
floor investment opportunities.
So that's nice, right?
You retire from your job
as a general in the Army,
and you get a nice little senior
VP job with a General Electric
or some of these
other places that
are working on the technology.
>>DAVID: Yeah.
>>DOLAN: But let's
go a little further.
And this gets into
an idea that I've
been developing, which is
called a breakaway civilization.
And I think that this
is all part of the mix.
So let's say some of these
breakthroughs are truly exotic.
Let's say they come up
with a breakthrough that
deals with electrogravitics,
what we might call anti-gravity
in one form or another.
>>DAVID: Right.
>>DOLAN: If you come up with
a breakthrough like that,
that's a little more
of a game changer
than you might be permitted to
segway into the private market.
Because that might take
down the oil industry.
>>DAVID: Right.
And we're driving around a
century old technology that's
barely changed.
>>DOLAN: Oh, yes.
>>DAVID: --steering
wheel, rubber tires,
and gasoline. engine.
>>DOLAN: Absolutely.
>>DAVID: We can't do
better in 100 years?
I mean, give me a break.
>>DOLAN: Well, I think
that we have done better.
But the problem would be--
let's say, like, we're
in the classified world.
So we're scientists
working on these.
And we've come up with it.
We realize you don't need
petroleum to go from point A
to point B. But at that
point, probably, our bosses
would say, good job.
We're not going to
let this one go out.
Keep working on it.
And we'll continue to develop
classified applications.
And then what happens is
that the patent on that
becomes classified.
So that smart people
in the outside world
who may come up with these
ideas are not legally
permitted to pursue
them, because it's
classified technology.
So their future is
being held hostage.
Meanwhile, we in
the classified world
continue to develop
this and work on, well,
our own version of flying
saucers, which, of course, has
been discussed and rumored and
leaked for many, many years,
and I think is the case.
So that what you have is
that science over there
is being held hostage,
while we break away.
>>DAVID: Well, and
you also know that--
>>DOLAN: And we move far ahead.
>>DAVID: --the Federation of
American Scientists, FAS--
fas.org is the website--
found over 5,000 patents
have been classified
for national security reasons.
>>DOLAN: Oh, 5,000?
I knew there was a large number.
>>DAVID: Over, 5,000.
Yeah.
>>DOLAN: Yeah.
>>DAVID: And that
includes anything
that has a better than 70%
ability to convert into energy.
So a solar power system that
can take 80% of the sun's energy
and turn into energy is
automatically classified.
>>DOLAN: There you have it.
I mean, that's as much
proof as anyone might need--
>>DAVID: Yeah.
>>DOLAN: --that the
classified world's
holding our future hostage.
And I would only add to that
that some of that knowledge
derives from acquired
technology, exotic technology
from non-human sources.
>>DAVID: Absolutely.
>>DOLAN: Certainly,
not all of it.
But, again, you know, the
key about scientific progress
is that the first and biggest
step is simply knowing
that such a thing is possible.
Once you know
something is possible,
you'll find a way to do it.
And once they realized
it's possible to get
that type of lift, to get
that type of propulsion,
they'll figure it out.
Even if they can't
replicate the exact method
that these other guys are doing,
we figure our own way out.
>>DAVID: Well, now, Edgar
Mitchell, obviously,
one of the Apollo astronauts,
has given your book
some glowing recommendations.
>>DOLAN: I was very
lucky to get that.
He was actually
the first big name
who endorsed any of my work.
>>DAVID: What did
he actually say?
>>DOLAN: Well, he called it
"thorough and monumental."
And it's a quote that I'll
use for the rest of my life.
When I get an Apollo
moon-walking astronaut
who calls anything
I do monumental,
I'm happy to repeat that.
>>DAVID: And he
also said that there
is evidence from your books that
some of these extraterrestrials
may be walking here on
Earth, or actually here?
>>DOLAN: Oh, did Edgar say that?
Well--
>>DAVID: Yeah, a quote--
>>DOLAN: --it's something that
I think is a real likelihood,
actually.
>>DAVID: Yeah.
>>DOLAN: In my own
private research,
I mean, people come to me.
I get all kinds of stories.
As obviously, I know you do.
>>DAVID: Yeah.
>>DOLAN: A number of individuals
have very compellingly told me
of their own encounters with
very human looking beings who
do not--
they're not like you and me.
We're talking
intensely telepathic--
>>DAVID: Yeah.
>>DOLAN: --and just
very, very different.
They're fascinating stories.
And when you get enough of
them, you really start to--
you have to think,
you know, there's
a presence of these other
people, other beings.
But they're not like us,
but they're in our society.
>>DAVID: Yeah.
>>DOLAN: You know,
for whatever purpose.
If I were an alien here visiting
Earth looking at humanity,
I would be thinking, these
people are quite interesting.
They've reinvented
themselves in a dramatic way
in the last century or so.
You know, from a world of
horses pulling wooden carts,
they've developed locomotives,
and cars, and airplanes,
and nuclear weapons, and
computers, and iPods,
and nanotech, and quantum
computing down the road,
and everything else.
We've reinvented ourselves
like this, so rapidly.
And they must be aware of this.
So if I were them,
I'd be thinking,
well, they're kind of violent.
They're a little unstable.
I might want to monitor
and maybe manage them.
And I might be thinking,
we'll work our way in there.
If it hadn't been done
thousands of years ago,
I mean, who knows?
>>DAVID: Right.
>>DOLAN: But certainly,
at this point,
it would be more critical
than ever to make sure
that they've got their fingers
in us in some way or another.
I'm not trying to be
a fearmongerer here.
>>DAVID: No,
>>DOLAN: But if I were to do
my own counterintelligence,
that's what I would be thinking.
>>DAVID: Sure.
Well, this has been a
fascinating discussion.
That's all the time we
have for this episode.
Hopefully, we can
do another one.
So, thank you, Rich.
>>DOLAN: My pleasure.
>>DAVID: All right.
>>DOLAN: Thanks, David.
>>DAVID: So you can go
yourself to fas.org, Federation
of American Scientists.
And if you poke around
in there long enough,
you'll start to see things
that the cabal doesn't
want you to see.
In fact, some of the top level
insiders I've spoken to have
said that their
jobs specifically
forbid them from visiting
that website at all.
They have bugs in
their computers.
They have cookies and trackers.
And if they're caught even
going to the website once,
they'll lose their jobs.
Now, the Federation
of American Scientists
shows that there's
over 5,000 patents that
have been classified
for national security.
And this includes
anything that would even
begin to get us towards a clean
renewable source of energy.
So this group, the cabal,
that's keeping the UFOs secret,
they don't want us
to have anti-gravity.
They don't want us to have free
energy, because it interrupts
their business.
And when new competitors
can come out,
their monopoly is threatened.
So this is just the
beginning of the discussions
that I've had with Rich Dolan on
the history of the UFO subject.
And in the next
episode, we're going
to go even deeper
down the rabbit hole
and discuss a whole lot of
very interesting things.
So coming up next
time on Disclosure,
you're going to be
speaking truth to power
and giving even more
power to the truth.
[THEME MUSIC]